RPA Practical:

1 RPA Basics: Sequences and Flowcharts: 
a. Create a simple sequence-based project. 
b. Create a flowchart-based project. 
c. Automate UiPath Number Calculation (Subtraction, 
Multiplication, Division of numbers). 
d. Create an automation UiPath project using different types 
of variables (number, datetime, Boolean, generic, array, 
data table)  
 
2  Decision making and looping I: 
a. Consider an array of names. We have to find out how many 
of them start with the letter "a". Create an automation 
where the number of names starting with "a" is counted and 
the result is displayed. 
b. Demonstrate switch statement with an example. 
c. Create an automation To Print numbers from 1 to 10 with 
break after the WriteLine activity inside for each activity. 
 
3  Decision making and looping II: 
a. Create an automation using Do..While Activity to print 
numbers from 5 to 1 
b. Create an automation using Delay Activity between two 
WriteLine activities to separate their execution by 5 
seconds 
c. Create an automation to demonstrate use of decision 
statements (if) 
 
4 Types of Recording: 
a. Basic Recording using Toolbar 
b. Basic Recording using Notepad 
c. Desktop Recording using Tool bar d.  
d. Desktop Recording by creating a workflow e. 
e. Web Recording e.g. Find the rating of the movie from imdb 
web site 
f. Web Recording manually 
 
5 Excel Automation: 
a. Automate the process to extract data from an excel file into 
a data table and vice versa 
 
b. Create an automation to Write data to specific cell of an 
excel sheet. 
 
c. Create an automation to Read data to specific cell of an 
excel sheet.  
 
d. Create an automation to append data to specific cell of an 
excel sheet. 
 
 
 
e. Create an automation to sort a table of an excel sheet.  
 
f. Create an automation to filter a table of an excel sheet 
Choose a repetitive manual task from your workplace or 
daily life. Design and implement an RPA bot to automate 
this task using your preferred RPA tool   
6 Different controls in UiPath: 
a. Implement the attach window activity.  
b. Automate using Anchor Base.  
c. Automate using Element Exists. 
d. Automate using Find Children control.  
e. Use Get Ancestor control  
f. Use Find Relative control  
 
7 Keyboard and Mouse Events:  
a.  Demonstrate the following activities in UiPath: 
i.Mouse (click, double click and hover)  
ii.Type into  
iii.Type Secure text  
b. Demonstrate the following events in UiPath:  
 i.Element triggering event  
 ii. Image triggering event 
 iii.System Triggering Event 
c. Automate the process of launching an assistant bot on a 
keyboard event. 
 
8 Screen Scraping and Web Scraping methods: 
a. Automate the following screen scraping methods using 
UiPath:  
a. Full Text 
b. Native  
c. OCR  
b. Demonstrate Data Scraping and display values in Message 
box. Demonstrate Screen Scraping for a pdf, web page and 
image file. 
 
9 Email Automation: 
a. Configure Email using UiPath  
b. Read Emails  
c. Send Email with Attachment  
d. Save Email Attachments Reply to Email 